---
title: September 11, 1993
series: ["Incoherent Thoughts of a Young Marine"]
tags: ["books", "movie review", "John Irving", "ramblings", "USMC"]
date: 2019-01-21T22:45:15-04:00
draft: false
---
## 9-11-93
Never did finish reading 'Moby Dick'. Melville's vernacular might as well be Japanese. Rather than try to figure out Herman's enigmatic language, I went for the easy thrill by reading John Grisham's 'The Pelican Brief'. Nothing too deep, but entertaining never the less. That's why it's a best seller and Melville died poor. The general public likes the easy thrill, an easy break from the rat race. I lost my frame of thought because I had to shit. I feel much better now, and a little lighter.

Tonite I watched the movie 'The World According to Garp', which was originally a book by John Irving. The movie was quite serious, but also very funny at the same time; you didn't know to cry or laugh, or both. The best thing about the movie is that it made me feel good about life. Like T.S. Garp said, "make an adventure out of it", cause we're all gonna die sooner or later.

My motto had been live and hope, but I reckon that in some ways that's a paradox. The reason being is that if your mind is fabricating and securing some hope, then you would not be in the best of positions to do some living. Your mind just wouldn't have the time for it. So live, until you die anyways. 

## Postlude
I never did finish 'Moby Dick' but did read a number of John Irving's books - 'A Prayer for Owen Meany' will really fuck with your head.