---
title: September 26, 1993
series: ["Incoherent Thoughts of a Young Marine"]
tags: ["Camp Schwab", "liberties", "individualism", "ramblings", "USMC"]
date: 2019-03-13T09:32:15-04:00
draft: false
---
## 9-26-93
I am once again an inhabitant of [Camp Schwab](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Camp_Schwab). My Company returned late on the night of the 23rd, and has now settled in quite nicely to the way things went prior to Fuji. Of course things are never EXACTLY the same. <s>Our</s>The commanding officer of our company has initiated his very own personally modified United States Marine Corps Dress Code. By order of Capt G.A. Uribe, all personnel in Co F, 2nd Bn, 4th Mar will at all time except when PTing or in the barracks, wear a collared shirt. <s>Of course</s>Please note however, that this does not in any way affect the other 99% of the Marine Corps. Overall, counting every single Marine, Co F, 2nd Bn, 4th Mar should be the best dressed company. I usually wore a collared shirt anyways, but it is so human to have a strong opinion against something that is forced upon them.

As a child I was a poor reader, so everyone wanted me to read. I disliked reading for a very long time, but one day I found that reading could be wonderful. To this day I thoroughly enjoy reading, and it is quite possible that I may have enjoyed it at an earlier age if it hadn't been forced upon me. One must be subtly introduced to new ways or ideas, and made to feel that it was of his own choosing. The military doesn't work this way and won't work this way in the forseeable future. In a little over a year I'll once again be entitled to all of the liberties possessed by the average American citizen. But there will always be people, groups, organizations, etc. to try and force feed you their ways or ideas, or whatever. The military is a concentrated proving ground for dealing with the forcefulness of the people you will meet in life. And if you retain the majority of your individual characteristics after four years, you should be alright. It's important to be your own person, and this is possible even when forced with a myriad of rules and set procedures. My laundry is just about finished.